Name                         | Gender
-----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------
uma Pochete                  | feminine
uma Bolsa                    | feminine
uma Lanterna                 | feminine
uma Máscara de gás           | feminine
uma Tigela                   | feminine
uma Chave                    | feminine
uma Pulseira                 | feminine
uma Luva                     | feminine
uma Lata                     | feminine
uma Gravata                  | feminine
uma Máscara                  | feminine
uma Corrente                 | feminine
uma Abóbora                  | feminine
uma Seringa                  | feminine

um Cajado                    | masculine
um Livro                     | masculine
um Óculos                    | masculine
um Chapéu                    | masculine
um Capuz                     | masculine
um Colar                     | masculine
um Casaco                    | masculine
um Cachecol                  | masculine
um Brinco                    | masculine
um Boné                      | masculine
um Gancho                    | masculine
um Patins                    | masculine
um Caldeirão                 | masculine
